yes, we'll play a round again
simpson springfield for the third time
today
look what else can do it
all the guys are still here
are busy or ever again
can expand and live as always
a bit long syncing
with something else and off you go there
not yet
Yes
and nice and let because we are so
pull loudly in the ear
a
Geldeinsatz Schwitters read this book
against roma is still a political
popstar is also not quite ready
we can have a look
Let's cook some air
150 to 150 is 600 euro costs
this bit of land 2610 he is 950
costs that is just me small
steps well that's it
again with the glory or even
still cancel
We leave the book in the book again
can be built
in the shelf of houses a tax inspector
comes okay
Yes I wanted to do that I wanted Lisa
let it roll up , respectively
clean springfield
It is called the strange house is ready
in six minutes from where is finished in
also six minutes
money women can not engage
damage
so also a minute 20 yet
Income tax from the brown house there
let's wait just let
this one is spring school of rock
look what happens after that
can
despite garbage eliminate
the merger is left to kraftwerks
has that actually story of im
whole game the power plant is somehow
What your promoter explodes his fingers
had in the game and it is almost in
springfield has been destroyed and we
build us up again now
I would like to interject briefly that it
a meltdown has given the roma
caused a quick look
over in the other springfield if there is still
what's wrong?
if , by the way, just between
babble has been the free into the
maybe from the other videos already
times have heard yes from time to time already
let's give his comments on it but it
is already on 710 money with the brown
house tuesday is four on the water
of eight houses already collected
what does he want with the cake and
can hope scientists bittel
little girl I was so long
no chance
me is also a day all the time that
last word come
if I not got any donuts from 500
Do not build anything good again where you can
beautiful
maybe bring
Fri.
Vienna
that they are not really that
go on later